Good morning, family! How are y'all
doing? I just wanted to
say thank you all for all the
kindness. We're at this prayer
conference right now, still in
our hotel. We've been
here
for two days, and many
of you traveled to
see Sister
Billye
and support her ministry.
We
want to say thank you to all the
subscribers who said they came here
because of what we said to
support Sister
Billye.
The prayer conference
has been amazing and such a
blessing. I want to say to
all of you who traveled so
far—from
Chicago, New
York, Los
Angeles,
and
all over the United States—to
support
this conference
and
pray for our nation:
God bless you all. I
know
it took a lot of time,
effort, resources, and money
for
hotels and food. I know some of
you
spent thousands to do this,
and I know God is an abundant
supplier who will reward you for
helping
pray for our nation. Thank
you for supporting Sister
Billye
and the family. They
are
some of the nicest people I have
ever
met.
Seriously, y'all, they are genuinely nice
people. Sometimes you get around
Christians in upper leadership
and you think they might be stuck
up, but these
people are really good people.
I've been really impressed with how
kind they've been to us. I'm
grateful
for
their love toward my family.
She
let me talk last night
about the prophetic words the Lord is
showing me, and we prayed against
some of the things the Lord
showed
me. It
is
amazing to see
what the Lord has done in this
amount of time. I felt
like we were one of those big
mega-ships
plowing through the ice in the spirit
realm concerning President Trump and the
election. I could
feel the shifting in the spirit as we were
praying and interceding.
It felt like
we were plowing through demonic
strongholds with so many seasoned prayer warriors. There
are
a lot
of
people
standing for this nation.
I
believe beyond a shadow of
a
doubt that Trump is going to win
this election and we're going to see
victory.
As
Sister Lynn said
today,
'Do not become
complacent after you see the
victory.'We
have got to keep our foot on the gas
and
keep on
praying over the cabinet and his decisions
on
who he surrounds himself with. We pray that he
puts Godly men and women in positions
of
counsel so that when he wins,
it will be by a landslide. We
are also
believing
that
God will take the
House and the Senate
for
a supernatural move.
The next four years should be
smooth so that we can have
a revival.
We prayed about the financial collapse
and the things the Lord
showed me. I
still feel something in the natural, but
I
am not moved by what I see or
feel.
I still have a caution and
feel we have prayer to do
concerning the
economy.
When
I gave the word about
the economy, the Lord rebuked
me and said, 'Brandon, you need to tell
My people do not
fear.'He
said,
'I will supply all your needs according
to My riches
in
glory by Christ Jesus.'This is not for the believer; He said
He
will provide for His beloved. If
you're a tither and a giver and
believe that Jesus is your Jehovah
Jireh,
He will provide for you
regardless of whether the bottom falls out
tomorrow. I was looking at
statistics today, and
a
news article
stated
that in the last three
weeks, we've spent half a trillion
dollars more in the deficit.
It was
skyrocketing on the graph.
Our national debt is $35
trillion now. Are we moved by fear? No,
but we know the
signs of the times.
The dollar is
in the way; they have to take it down
to bring in the
one-world
government and the digital
platform.
We can lessen the
effect so that it will not
affect you.
I want you to be
prepared spiritually, interceding for
your house
and listening to Him on how to
intercede for our nation.
We don't get into fear; we walk in
faith.
That's why I brought up
food supplies and
the dollar
crash.
I heard a
testimony
about
people during the Great Depression
who
were consistent
tithers
and
never lacked a job or any good
thing.
My granny told me it was terrible;
she was 106 when
she died and
said
it was terrible
going through the depression,
but they weren't tithers
then.
However,
I heard
of people like Brother
Kenneth
Hagin
who
believed in their covenant and made it through. Regardless
of what the economy does,
God
will
turn it around for
your favor.
We
are
overcomers by the blood of the Lamb and
the word of
our
testimony.
If I ever come off as a
fearmonger, I want to emphasize that there is always
faith
to believe yourself
out of any trap the devil
tries to
set.
Whatsoever a man soweth, that
will he also reap.
This week has been
interesting. When we went to Billy Burke,
three major words were given to
my wife and me. We were praying
for Megan, and I
can see a supernatural change already
taking place in her. She is talking
more in the last 48 hours than we've
ever heard
in
her whole life.
After the man of God prayed, she
used
appropriate words at the
right timing.
She was even jabbering and chirping
to
the people in front of us. I
think
they got up and left because she was
disruptive,
but Megan was
trying to
make sentences.
You can see
the wheels turning
in her eyes.
There is
a tangible
turnaround.
If you are believing for something,
get submersed in God's
word and do not go
dry.
Give
God the glory
over every small thing
that happens because
it
builds into a miracle.
Like when she got
potty
trained;
the doctors told
us we
would
more than likely never see
this child be potty trained.
Professionals tried to
help us and it did not work;
they
said she
would
wear
a
diaper
the
rest
of
her
life.
But God
is
rich in mercy.
We
had a glimmer of hope like
Noah's
olive leaf.
When he prayed for her the first
time, we stood by faith, and
now we have
our second olive
leaf.
We
are
fully
persuaded,
just like Abraham,
that
what God has promised He is able also to
perform.
Even
if
it
seems
impossible,
all things are possible to
him that believes.
We've been putting her in an
environment of faith at these
services.
It's
been stretching her to sit for
two
services a day,
and
she's been saying, 'Daddy, my heiny
hurts,'but
it's time for
her to come out.
Faith
without works is dead, so
we
are
putting
our
faith
in
action.
Diana refuses to treat her as
anything
other than healed.
We
are
resisting
the
symptoms.
We're going to sit down in
restaurants
as a family now. For years, we sat in the car
and
ate
drive-through
food
because
she
was so bound up,
but
now we
are
pushing her by faith.
We are not accepting
the symptoms of autism anymore.
She
points to the menu and
tells us
what she wants.
It's
amazing.
The
olive leaf is becoming an olive
branch.
We're standing for the
whole tree.
We
have
to have humor
and
laugh a little bit because
a merry
heart does good like a medicine.
We
just came on today to tell everybody what the
Lord is doing.
The
first hotel
air
conditioner was not working,
so we had to
move,
but God is faithful.
We
appreciate your prayers for
Megan.
So many
people said they
are
interceding for
her,
and it really
blessed me.
I am not a
celebrity;
I'm just me, and I
wish
I
could
hear all your stories.
Let's pray
for your finances
and
healing.
Father,
we take
authority over demonic spirits
and
thank You that by
Your stripes we are healed.
We
believe
for
a
red
wave
and
that
the
House
and
Senate
will remain red with
a larger
majority.
We pray for Canada to remove
Justin Trudeau and
for
them
to
have
a righteous leader.
We pray
against
illegal
immigrants
voting
without voter IDs;
Jay
Sekulow put
that
out, and
we
stand against
it.
We
believe for an
uncovering of darkness and
a vote without
corruption or rioting. I'll try to be up in the foyer
if I can, but
I don't want to
take from Billye's event
or be disrespectful. We
agree that you
are healed and everything
is turning around
for your
good.
Amen.
Please
subscribe
if
you're new;
I'll be more
consistent
with
videos
once
I'm
home
and
have
better internet.
God bless you
all!